Fix T861260: editing.popup forbids to specify options that actually can be specified (#522)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/1 Configuration/editing/popup.md

Configures the popup. Used only if **editing**.[mode](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/GridBase/1%20Configuration/editing/mode.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#mode') is *"popup"*.

---

> You can specify any [Popup option](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxPopup/1%20Configuration '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/') in this object, but be warned that the following options override the **{WidgetName}**'s internal logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify any [Popup option](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxPopup/1%20Configuration '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxPopup/Configuration/') in this object, but note that the following options override the **{WidgetName}**'s internal logic:
```
